# CoboWaas2.PaymentAddressUpdateEventData

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**data_type** | **String** |  The data type of the event. - &#x60;Transaction&#x60;: The transaction event data. - &#x60;TSSRequest&#x60;: The TSS request event data. - &#x60;Addresses&#x60;: The addresses event data. - &#x60;WalletInfo&#x60;: The wallet information event data. - &#x60;MPCVault&#x60;: The MPC vault event data. - &#x60;Chains&#x60;: The enabled chain event data. - &#x60;Tokens&#x60;: The enabled token event data. - &#x60;TokenListing&#x60;: The token listing event data.        - &#x60;PaymentOrder&#x60;: The payment order event data. - &#x60;PaymentRefund&#x60;: The payment refund event data. - &#x60;PaymentSettlement&#x60;: The payment settlement event data. - &#x60;PaymentTransaction&#x60;: The payment transaction event data. - &#x60;PaymentAddressUpdate&#x60;: The payment address update event data. - &#x60;BalanceUpdateInfo&#x60;: The balance update event data. - &#x60;SuspendedToken&#x60;: The token suspension event data. | 
**custom_payer_id** | **String** | Unique user identifier on the merchant side, used to assign a dedicated deposit address.  | 
**payer_id** | **String** | Unique payer identifier on the Cobo side, auto-generated by the system.  | 
**chain** | **String** | Blockchain network identifier, e.g., &#39;ETH&#39; for Ethereum, &#39;TRON&#39; for Tron.  | 
**previous_address** | **String** | The previous deposit address that was assigned before update.  | 
**updated_address** | **String** | The new updated deposit address assigned to the user.  | 



## Enum: DataTypeEnum


* `Transaction` (value: `"Transaction"`)

* `TSSRequest` (value: `"TSSRequest"`)

* `Addresses` (value: `"Addresses"`)

* `WalletInfo` (value: `"WalletInfo"`)

* `MPCVault` (value: `"MPCVault"`)

* `Chains` (value: `"Chains"`)

* `Tokens` (value: `"Tokens"`)

* `TokenListing` (value: `"TokenListing"`)

* `PaymentOrder` (value: `"PaymentOrder"`)

* `PaymentRefund` (value: `"PaymentRefund"`)

* `PaymentSettlement` (value: `"PaymentSettlement"`)

* `PaymentTransaction` (value: `"PaymentTransaction"`)

* `PaymentAddressUpdate` (value: `"PaymentAddressUpdate"`)

* `BalanceUpdateInfo` (value: `"BalanceUpdateInfo"`)

* `SuspendedToken` (value: `"SuspendedToken"`)

* `unknown_default_open_api` (value: `"unknown_default_open_api"`)




